Well here we look back to 2014 and
exists in hermosillo
I just opened the track
then glue first of all a
date that schedules schedule the
jobs
the most this date by date
the one that mentioned a season as
so
one
streep super queen
okay
with regard to what in your view of the
network is that there was Manriquez recently
against that of sandino and pressure it
commented a lot about that race of certain
things
manrique against the brands
all those defeats because to me
I want you empowered in the end are 400
meters was something old guy there was no light
you can not go out with your hand
it is not justification
with respect to the people who challenge you
he wanted to win you that he has not won
ever you want to say to the
from here
or sometimes simply
I see photos no longer have micro plans
will go and ryan or is there any other event will
that comes the las vegas and it is an event
it must be enough to work
you will also decide
and then something you want to say to the
people that we have
because there is already a week sharing
calm
ok then go over the cute ones
as always and if things go ahead
I imagine that you will have the same
always ask the line when I
He says
Lord of life and hernandez
ok beer
the authors the life of a star
basic of some televisions of the
people when in this 2014 that we're going to
bring track already your zoo happens
et cetera etcetera more to usa something that
it means the rivals or the people
who wants to win you I do not know only
good luck
of the great wall and you know and we're going to
walk this 2014 with then with Vamos
always to the head because then you do not
have been able to win I do not know it in such a way
in gabriel hernandez new win